h1. Installation

h2. Step 1: settings.py

Add @django_su@ to @INSTALLED_APPS@. Make sure you put it *before* @django.contrib.admin@.

h2. Step 2: urls.py

Add this to your root @urls.py@ file:

<code>url(r"^su/", include("django_su.urls")),</code>

And that should be it!

h2. Step 3: Install other eggs (optional, but recommended)

If you install these two eggs the enhance user experience:

 * "The form of 'login su' will rendered link a admin form":http://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-form-admin
 * "The widget to choose the users in the form of 'login su' will be a autocomplete":http://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-ajax-selects 

If yout install django-ajax-selects also add this in your settings

<code>AJAX_LOOKUP_CHANNELS = {'django_su':  dict(model='auth.user', search_field='username')}</code>

h2. Step 4: Customize django_su (optional)

In your settings you can configure:

 * SU_REDIRECT_LOGIN: URL to redirect after the login. By default is "/"
 * SU_REDIRECT_EXIT: URL to redirect after the logout. By default is "/"
 * SU_LOGIN: A function to specify the perms that the user must have can use django_su

h2. Usage

Go and view a user in the admin interface and look for a new 'Login as' button in the top right.

Once you have su'ed into a user, you can get exit back into your original user by navigating to @/su/@ in your browser.

h1. Credits

This app was put together by Adam Charnock, but was largely based on ideas, code and comments at:

* "http://bitkickers.blogspot.com/2010/06/add-button-to-django-admin-to-login-as.html":http://bitkickers.blogspot.com/2010/06/add-button-to-django-admin-to-login-as.html
* "http://copiousfreetime.blogspot.com/2006/12/django-su.html":http://copiousfreetime.blogspot.com/2006/12/django-su.html

